Project: Group Project 01 Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting Persons present: NAW21, ALT38, SRJ12 and alm82.Place and date of meeting: CIS, Thursday 26th April 2018 Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager Author: Nathan WilliamsDate of minutes: 26th April. Version: 1.0Matters arising ===============1. Re-write and optimise GridDisplayer.	ACTION: NAW212. Write help screen.	ACTION: ALT383. Sam look at saving after loading and saving.	ACTION: SRJ12	4. Add error conditions to the Use Case document.	ACTION: NAW21	5. Formatting code files(can extract java docs from the design doc).	ACTION: CAH27	6. Continue playing the game and reporting bugs.	ACTION: ALL		7. Add lighting to 3d and 2.5d view.	ACTION: NAW21	8. Work out colours for grid.	ACTION: ALT389. Fix the Game ending with help screen up? Rotate icon. tooltips?	ACTION: RHE2410. Update design doc based on feedback?	ACTION: LAP12	11. Continue Testing.	ACTION: ALM82, AGl6	12. Enjoy the sun and finish graphics assignment.	ACTION: MOSSSSTTTTTTT.New business ============1. Working in B23 starting 11am ish to 4pm ish next week.AOB ===1. How do we address the un-assessed sci py module practicals that people don't do?		