Project: Group Project 01 Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting Persons present: All project members except Lampros & Alex ThaumPlace and date of meeting: CIS, Thursday 8th March 2018 Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager Author: Nathan WilliamsDate of minutes: 8th March. Version: 1.0Matters arising ===============1. Lampros yellow card possiblity:	3 weeks of work != 30 lines of code.	Not comunicating with the rest of the group.	2. Implement the colour blind colour scheme.	ACTION: ALT38, NAW21	3. Finish the timer class by Monday.	ACTION: CAH27	4.  Highscores class needs doing, sam and lampros work together.	ACTION: LAP12, SRJ12 	5. Continue with writing the JUnit tests, start on front end tests.	ACTION: ALM82, AGL6	6. Make the changes suggested in the feedback and make version 2.0 of the UCD, Online Presentation and Testing Table.	ACTION: ALL	7. Implement thge help screen.	ACTION: ALT38		New business ============1. Start the design docs as specified in SE.QA.05	ACTION: SRJ12, ALT38	2. Create Sequence Diagrams for design docs.	ACTION: NAW21, rhe24.	3. Fix Junit URI paths and do genral backend debugging.	ACTION: SRJ124. Begin looking at formatting the code files.	ACTION: ALLAOB ===Design Spec in by 22nd March, so review Monday 19th.