Project: Group Project 07 Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting Persons present: All project members except Lampros (flying), Cameron (illness)Place and date of meeting: CIS, Thursday 22th March 2018 Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager Author: Nathan WilliamsDate of minutes: 22th March. Version: 1.0Matters arising ===============1. Push work to git	ACTION: AGL6	2. Formatting code files(can extract java docs from the design doc).	ACTION: CAH273. Continue playing the game and reporting bugs.	ACTION: ALLNew business ============1. Write help screen.	ACTION: ALT382. Re-write and optimise GridDisplayer.	ACTION: NAW213. Sam look at saving after loading and saving.	ACTION: SRJ124. Feedback when saving toggle using filename.	ACTION: RHE24	5. Get rid of the sound settings.	ACTION: RHE24	6. Enjoy Easter, look through code and work on optimisations and error checking.	ACTION: ALL	7. Add error conditions to the Use Case document.	ACTION: NAW21	AOB ===Note that written using Java 9 and tested to work in 1.8 and un-tested in 1.7.	31 pages of design doc added to git.