Project: Group Project 01 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
 
Persons present: All project members except, Cameron (bloodtest), Lampros, Agata
Place and date of meeting: CIS, Thursday 19th April 2018 

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: Nathan Williams
Date of minutes: 19th April. 
Version: 1.0

Matters arising 
===============

1. Re-write and optimise GridDisplayer.
	ACTION: NAW21

2. Write help screen.
	ACTION: ALT38

3. Sam look at saving after loading and saving.
	ACTION: SRJ12
	
4. Add error conditions to the Use Case document.
	ACTION: NAW21
	
5. Formatting code files(can extract java docs from the design doc).
	ACTION: CAH27
	
6. Continue playing the game and reporting bugs.
	ACTION: ALL


New business 
============

1. Add lighting to 3d and 2.5d view.
	ACTION: NAW21
	
2. Work out colours for grid.
	ACTION: ALT38

3. Fix the Game ending with help screen up? Rotate icon. tooltips?
	ACTION: RHE24

4. Update design doc based on feedback?
	ACTION: LAP12
	
5. Continue Testing.
	ACTION: ALM82, AGl6
	
6. Enjoy the sun and finish robots assignment or graphics assignment.
	ACTION: ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL.

AOB 
===

What is on the menu for the BBQ?
	ACTION: alt38
	Chicken, lamb burgers, sausages.... yum.
	
MAKE BROWNIES FOR NEXT MEETING............
	ACTION: ALT38