Project: Group Project 07 Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting Persons present: All project members except Jim Bloggs (flu) Place and date of meeting: CIS, Thursday 15th March 2018 Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager excluding Lampros, Cameron and Agata. Author: Nathan WilliamsDate of minutes: 15th March. Version: 1.0Matters arising ===============1. Continue with writing the JUnit tests, start on front end tests.	ACTION: ALM82, AGL6	2. Implement the help screen.	ACTION: ALT38	3. Write the design docs as specified in SE.QA.05	ACTION: SRJ12, ALT38, ALL!!!!!	4. Fix Junit URI paths and do genral backend debugging.	ACTION: SRJ12	5. Begin looking at formatting the code files.	ACTION: CAH27New business ============1. Design docs: SEQUENCE DIAGRAMS	ACTION: NAW21.	2. Design docs: Introduction	ACTION: ALT38	3. Design docs: Interface	ACTION: RHE244. Design docs: Decomposition	ACTION: SRJ12, ALM825. Design docs: HighScore interface.	ACTION: LAP12 6. B23 Sunday afternoon for working on design DOC7. REVIEW the doc Monday 19th with everyone.8. Chase up Agata's work as we can't see in the git to review.	ACTION: AGL6	9. Play the game and note any bugs on the trello.AOB ===Design Spec in by 22nd March, SO REVIEW MONDAY 19th. 	