Project: Group Project 01Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting Persons present: All project members Place and date of meeting: CIS, Thursday 15th February 2018Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager Author: Nathan Williams Date of minutes: 15th February. Version: 1.0Matters arising ===============1. Continue implementing the User Interface Spec. 	ACTION: rhe24 and naw21.	2. Continue working on the UML and begin implementing.	ACTION: srj12, cah27.	3. Make a check list of what seqa's tell us and pass onto the Q.A Manager.	ACTION: lap12.		4. Push the testing spec to git and continuing working on it.	ACTION: alm82, agl6.	5. Finalize the online presentation.	ACTION: alt38New business ============0. Deciding on Roles:	Project Leader: Alex.	Deputy Leader: Sam.	QA. Manager: Nathan.	Deputy QA Manager: Rhys.1. Make a Doodle poll. 	ACTION: alt38.	2. Look at User input and form tests around it.	ACTION: alm82, agl6	3. Check deadlines	ACTION: naw21	4. Create google doc for testing spec.	ACTION: alm82, agl6	5. Get up to speed with our project and chat with Sam about backend.	ACTION: set16AOB ===None. 	