Project: Group Project 01 Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting Persons present: All project members except Lampros & Agata Place and date of meeting: CIS, Thursday 1th March 2018 Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager Author: Nathan WilliamsDate of minutes: 1th March. Version: 1.0Matters arising ===============1. Implement the colour blind colour scheme.	ACTION: ALT38, NAW21	2. Push the Timer class to the repo.	ACTION: CAH27	3. And tie it in with front and backend code.	ACTION: CAH27, NAW214.  Highscores class from Lampros needs pushing to the repo.	ACTION: LAP125. Continue with writing the JUnit tests	ACTION: ALM82, AGL6New business ============1. Everyone to look at the testing google doc.	ACTION: ALL	2. Make the changes suggested in the feedback and make version 2.0 of the UCD, Online Presentation and Testing Table.	ACTION: ALL3. Review the feedback in monday's meeting.	ACTION: ALL	4. Start the design docs as specified in SE.QA.05	ACTION: SRJ12, ALT385. Finish the help document and begin implementing in the framework.	ACTION: ALT38AOB ===Design Spec in by 22nd March, so review Monday 19th.