Project: Group Project 01
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting

Persons present: All project members

Place and date of meeting: CIS, Thu 1st February 2018, 10:10am

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Wayne Aubrey
Date of minutes: 1st Feb 2017
Version: 1.1

Matters arising:
===========

None - first meeting of group

New business:
===========

1. Membership of group
	Name									Email
	
	Evans, Rhys -							rhe24
	Humphreys, Cameron David Alexander - 	cah27
	Jones, Samuel Robert	-				srj12
	Lefek, Agata  -							agl6
	Madej, Aleksandra	-					alm82
	Petridis, Lampros	-					lap12
	Thumwood, Alex	-						alt38
	Williams, Nathan -						naw21


Manager: Wayne Aubrey email: waa2

There are some things to sort out.

2. Photos of group

Photos were taken of each of the group present - need circulating to all members. Action: waa2 

3. Absences / Changes

It was noted that Lampros Petridis was late and assures the group that he will not be late again.

Alex to add all group members to the group chat. Action: alt38

4. Setting up the project arrangements

4.1 All group members need to read the project requirements and Group Intro documents by next week and know about what the project will do. ACTION: Everyone

4.2 All group members to set up a personal blog TODAY and email a link to their blog to rhe24. ACTION: Everyone

4.3 Test specification document â€“ due 22th Feb (tutorial 4). Agata and Alexandra to read SE.QA.06 and to start making systems tests for the test specification. They should make example tests for requirements FR1 to FR5. Action: agl6, alm82

5. Initial Tasks

5.1 Alex and Nathan to read SE.QA.04 and start work on material for the user interface document. We would like to see a list of use cases and some possible screens next week. Action: naw21, alt38 

5.2 Nathan and Rhys to start programming the onscreen display. Action: naw21, rhe24

5.3 Cameron and Sam to make a rough architectural proposal for the software by next week.  Action:  srj12, cah27

5.4 f) Quality assurance: Lampros to look into the documents SE.QA.01, 02 and 03, and to explain to the group next week how QA works on the project. Action: lap12

AOB
===
None. 



